EXPLANATIONS:

Question  #1:

In the comparison function "is_anagram" we are running a quicksort method for the lists,
which has time complexity of O(n * log(n)). In the function "question1" there is only one
for loop which has a runtime of O(len(s)-len(t)) times or O(n), apart from those two everything
else is running in constant time. Overall, the worst case time efficiency can be narrowed down
to O(n * log(n))

Problem involves string comparison which can be done by transforming the string as
list of characters, so that we can compare and iterate each character of the string.
That is why I choose list as data structure. Space complexity of this is O(n) where n is
the sum of the lenght of both list.

Question #2:

In this function since we have a nested loop, which results into a runtime of O(n^2) where
n is the lenght of the string. The use of max, lower and replace methods result into a
runtime of O(n), Apart from those everything else is running in constant time. In that case,
the worst case time efficiency can be narrowed down to to O(n^2).

Problem involves string manipulation which can be done by transforming the string as
list of characters, so that we can compare and iterate each character of the string.
That is why I choose list as data structure. Space complexity of this is O(n^2) where
we list all possible palindromes then we get the  longest palindrome out of that list.

Question #3:

Minimun Spanning tree is a subset of edges that connects all vertices with the least weight possible.
Kruskal’s Algorithm builds the spanning tree by adding edges one by one into a growing spanning tree.
In this problem I implemented disjoint sets and Kruskal's algorithim by creating disjoint sets from the
key of the given graph and storing both the disjoint vertices and edges in thier own respective list thus
generating a runtime of O(n^2). On the kruskal function sorting edges has complexity of O(n*log(n)), while
the for loop that iterates over edges has an overall complexity of O(n). Thus in total, the worse case time
efficiency is O(n*log(n)).

Because of the use of dictionary data structure, it allows us to use keys for the union function
to perform in a constant time complexity O(1) and the find function to perform at O(depth). Space complexity
of storing all vertices and edges is O(V + E) where V and O are the number of vertices and edges respectively.
while the set is O(V) where V is the number of vertices. Overall, it can be narrowed to O(n), where n is the
number of vertices + number of edge in the graph.

Question #4:

In this problem, the building of the binary tree the runtime complexity of O(n^2), where n is the number of index
in the matrix. Finding the Least Common Ancestor has a runtime complexity of O(n) where n is height of a tree.
Overall, the time complexity of boils down to O(n^2).

Binary Search Tree or sorted binary trees are mainly used for data storage such as numbers in memory, this way we
can implement a way to traverse upward using a parent pointer and return the first intersecting node. That is
why we choose a Binary Search Tree as data structure. Space complexity for the tree is O(n) where n is height of
the tree.

Question #5:

This problem is solved using a linear solution thus we used LinkedList data structure where elements are linked
using pointers. Since it is a linear search the time complexity is of O(n) where n is the number of elements.
Searching for mth nodes from end, both pointers are running with O(n). Overall runtime complexity is O(n).

Pointers that were used take up O(n) space. Worst case space complexity of singly linked list is O(n).